Add 404 page to docs site (#568)
adobe-private/react-spectrum-v3: packages/dev/docs/pages/error.mdx

<!-- Copyright 2020 Adobe. All rights reserved.
This file is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy
of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
governing permissions and limitations under the License. -->

import {Layout} from '@react-spectrum/docs';
export default Layout;

import {Content} from '@react-spectrum/view';

>  import {Flex} from '@react-spectrum/layout';

Reviewer: space

import {Heading} from '@react-spectrum/text';
import {IllustratedMessage} from '@react-spectrum/illustratedmessage';
import NotFound from '@spectrum-icons/illustrations/NotFound';

---
title: Page not found
---

<Flex alignItems="center" direction="row" height="50vh" justifyContent="center">
  <IllustratedMessage>
    <NotFound />

>     <Heading>Error 404: page not found</Heading>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <Heading>Error 404: Page not found</Heading>
```

https://spectrum-contributions.corp.adobe.com/page/illustrated-message-beta/#Error:-404

>     <Content>Try reloading this page. If the error persists, contact the React Spectrum team to report it.</Content>

Author: I'm not a huge fan of this text; if someone has suggestions im all ears

Reviewer 3: is it for errors? or only 404?
We couldn't find your page? Something went wrong?
Do we even bother saying reload anymore?

Reviewer 4: Can we put a link for where to contact us?

Author: good point -- reloads wont matter. its just a 404.

Author: Maybe we say something about choosing a link in the left nav?

Reviewer 2: You could use the text Spectrum uses in the contribution? https://spectrum-contributions.corp.adobe.com/page/illustrated-message-beta/#Error:-404

```suggestion
    <Content>This page isn't available. Try checking the URL or visit a different page.</Content>
```
